Database preparation docs improvements (#412)
nf-core/funcscan: docs/usage.md

To supply the database directories to the pipeline:

> 1. Install antiSMASH from [bioconda](https://bioconda.github.io/recipes/antismash-lite/README.html) (To ensure database compatibility, please use the same version as is used in your nf-core/funcscan release - check version in file `<pipeline_installation>/<path>/funcscan/modules/nf-core/amrfinderplus/run/environment.yml`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install antiSMASH from [bioconda](https://bioconda.github.io/recipes/antismash-lite/README.html). To ensure database compatibility, please use the same version as is used in your nf-core/funcscan release (check version in file `<pipeline_installation>/<path>/funcscan/modules/nf-core/antismash/antismashlite/environment.yml`).
```

```bash
conda create -n antismash-lite -c bioconda antismash-lite
conda activate antismash-lite
```

> 2. Run the following command `download-antismash-databases`. Use `--database-dir` to specify a new location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the command `download-antismash-databases`. Use `--database-dir` to specify a new location.
```
